Managing today's complex hybrid IT networks requires new tools, net path, a revolutionary new feature
of solar winds.
Network Performance Monitor is transforming the way administrators visualize and troubleshoot their
networks. Using advanced traffic simulation,
Net Path continuously discovers and analyzes dynamic network paths, see from source to destination and
all the hops in between.
Here's an example path to Google.com with traffic originating on our network routed to the ISP through
Google's internal network and finally to the destination servers.
Net Path also collects detailed performance metrics for each network node in link, making it easy to
spot bottlenecks.
In this example, our router has three incoming links, but only one is experiencing increased latency
by correlating real transit impact
with NPM's Comprehensive Performance Metrics, Net Path immediately identifies the root cause of the
problem.
In this instance, its high interface utilization look inside the cloud and troubleshoot with unprecedented
visibility.
Follow hop by hop Internet paths, including all provider interlinks, which deliver service. For the first
time
you can inspect carrier networks and assist your ISPs helpdesk.
This allows you to address issues with precise, actionable information about the problem in their network.
Analyze past performance problems with net path
you can travel back in time to compare routing changes and diagnose what was happening.
Visualizing complete network path is finally easy.
Specify source and destination at branch offices and configure your most important services.
Diagnose service issues from Salesforce.com, Exchange or any other TCP based service in just a few minutes,
pinpoint network problems and solve them faster with the breakthrough capabilities of NetPath.